this is so respected seller site
aliexpress we shoot a video for you
to prove that your product is
this video recorder we put
battery close the lid now we
we will keep it
and only
here and no hands you do not not take away from the camera
then shout
Here we see that the battery is discharged
the battery should show charging
here here in this visible on the screen here this
we are not on the verge, that is, do not depict
images about what's charging
there is no battery on the screen
happy charging can be turned off
you can try now i will click on
the power button, by the way, it is already lit well
all right
when you open it as it is written in
instructions when opening the screen
a button is lit
that is, he turned on as you see
micro image is not missing here
please camera camera which should
shoot here so i turn it 2 what
her trying to tune her something
any image but image on
screen with legs all click this photo this
running what wearing nude is much bigger 1
km from there, too, nothing 0
nothing like you see any buttons a
There are buttons, but these are other functions.
not necessary but this is what a button is
start this view I don't know what the
button i basic click our widget on
all press the button then we do nothing
there is absolutely nothing that is not
indicates that the battery is charging
This is the second time the camera is absolutely
Nothing removes here I close
discovering discovering nothing
is empty
charging goes show screen is on
say that the screen is on the computer
all included is included here please
the button is red the red charge is on
Charging probably goes but I do not know the time
don't show maybe she passes
image here but on the screen but not
output not charging no image on
the screen is not displayed at all
turn it off so on the button turns off
turn it on is not necessary
close to the chest is more important
so but quieter
No, here I turned off the screen the whole stream
flow of finance 4 I turn on all eat everything
all that was on fire
the screen is only
picture saver all
she went out everything is clear your device to
Sorry not working about us very much
sorry and